- fixes: #3877 adds a throttling response sample (#9559)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/throttling.md

- A large number of requests across all applications in a tenant.
- A large number of requests from a particular application across all tenants.

## Sample response

> Whenever the throttling threshold is exceeded, Microsoft Graph will respond with a response similar to this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever the throttling threshold is exceeded, Microsoft Graph responds with a response similar to this one.
```
